long-term updates (#70)
dbt-labs/corp: values.md

### We optimize for the long-term.

> We recognize that creating the change in the world that we wish to see will not happen overnight. Earning the right to pursue this work over decades requires both long-term vision and near-term execution, both user love and commercial success.

Reviewer: > commercial success.

This phrase has connotations associated with it that may be helpful to clarify.

1. Success to what degree? How much success is "good enough" to fuel our mission? Perhaps this success can be tied back to the section currently being updated on assigning value to each product we create.

2. It may be helpful to spell out the "whys" embedded in these statements: Why is it important to have user love if you already have commercial success? What happens if you only have one or the other?

Reviewer 2: Having the value reading "We optimize for the long-term" but the description balancing long/short in equal parts may cause a little dissonance. 

Perhaps "Earning the right to pursue a long-term vision over decades requires near-term execution on both user love and commercial success"?

> We recognize that creating the change in the world that we wish to see will not happen overnight. Earning the right to pursue this work over decades requires both long-term vision and near-term execution, both user love and commercial success.

Reviewer 3: There is a similar thread [over here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/corp/pull/69#discussion_r1012927548), but I wonder if mentioning "user love" and "commercial success" here is sort of doing the work of putting the values in conversation with each other, that should best be left as the exercise of living out our values. 

e.g., "Users are our best advocates" and "Profits fund our mission"  (and all our other values) - they inform how we execute on our long-term orientation.

That said - I am not totally against that last "user love and commercial success" phrase being in here. They are definitely Good Things™️ and help color in this value. But they are only 2  of many things that will be required to earn the right to pursue this work over decades.

> We recognize that creating the change in the world that we wish to see will not happen overnight. Earning the right to pursue this work over decades requires both long-term vision and near-term execution, both user love and commercial success.

Reviewer 4: I love what @davidharting is saying ^ about values conversing with one another and "user love and commercial success" being one example of the many tensions we need to balance. Perhaps this dichotomized example can be be represented differently, which might help us better understand how we can bring our dbt values to life in our everyday work, and help us align as a company. 

To that end, I suggest we call out the hard work of prioritizing today that will help us execute the vision for tomorrow, and making it more obvious that one is not chosen over the other, but they are dependent on each other.

```suggestion
We recognize that creating the change in the world that we wish to see will not happen overnight. Earning the right to pursue this work over decades requires balancing the tension between long-term vision and near-term execution, which includes captivating user love while pursuing commercial success.
```

User love  can't exist without commercial success (because dbt won't exist), and commercial success can't exist without user love (because we need users to love us to be successful).
